FileName: Name of the file or record containing the CTG examination data.
Date: Date of the CTG examination.
b: Start instant of the CTG examination.
e: End instant of the CTG examination.
LBE: Baseline value of the fetal heart rate as determined by a medical expert.
LB: Baseline value of the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
AC: Number of accelerations in the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
FM: Number of fetal movements as determined by SisPorto.
UC: Number of uterine contractions as determined by SisPorto.
ASTV: Percentage of time with abnormal short term variability in the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
mSTV: Mean value of short term variability in the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
ALTV: Percentage of time with abnormal long term variability in the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
mLTV: Mean value of long term variability in the fetal heart rate as determined by SisPorto.
DL: Number of light decelerations in the fetal heart rate.
DS: Number of severe decelerations in the fetal heart rate.
DP: Number of prolonged decelerations in the fetal heart rate.
DR: Number of repetitive decelerations in the fetal heart rate.
Width: Histogram width of the fetal heart rate.
Min: Low frequency of the histogram of the fetal heart rate.
Max: High frequency of the histogram of the fetal heart rate.
Nmax: Number of histogram peaks of the fetal heart rate.
Nzeros: Number of histogram zeros of the fetal heart rate.
Mode: Histogram mode of the fetal heart rate.
Mean: Histogram mean of the fetal heart rate.
Median: Histogram median of the fetal heart rate.
Variance: Histogram variance of the fetal heart rate.
Tendency: Histogram tendency of the fetal heart rate: -1=left asymmetric; 0=symmetric; 1=right asymmetric.
A: Calm sleep state of the fetus.
B: REM sleep state of the fetus.
C: Calm vigilance state of the fetus.
D: Active vigilance state of the fetus.
SH: Shift pattern (A or Susp with shifts).
AD: Accelerative/decelerative pattern indicating stress situation.
DE: Decelerative pattern indicating vagal stimulation.
LD: Largely decelerative pattern.
FS: Flat-sinusoidal pattern indicating a pathological state.
SUSP: Suspect pattern.
CLASS: Class code (1 to 10) for classes A to SUSP.
NSP: Classification of the CTG examination: Normal=1; Suspect=2; Pathologic=3.